[Music]
I was laughing my head off today I
was talking a lot today with a
tweet that came up from Maria Patiño man I've
already posted a video on Telcel about this
but I wanted to tell you something else
no I mean Maria Patiño posts a tweet
and says I feel very proud to have
understood Rocio Carrasco since my
freedom I have
never been anyone's puppet I
laughed so hard I
laughed my head off reading this
for 10 minutes I
for 10 minutes like aunt No matter
how many times you repeat a lie it's
not going to become the truth okay And
look, searching for images for the
thumbnail
I came across a news story that
we talked about at the time but I want to
remember Hello No because it's that
to me that people try to take people for
fools no Maria Patiño what's
happening to you Maria Patiño that I already explained
in the other video is that your
conscience is not clear because
you are not able to say the things that you
know the things that you have experienced the things
that you really think  you used to have an opinion
you used to have an opinion because you had experienced
some things with rosito in chipiona the
flirtations and non-flirtations that she did and had are
not like she is telling it
now okay call her she said I have
experienced something else This girl in chipiona ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta
and Parra and the
other one and the one on the motorcycle the one from the kiosk okay
I also remember that at the beginning of the
program in the specials María Patiño
said it
is that they are lies what she repeats so often that she has been
silent for 20 years we
all know that those of us who are
here have lived it as Fidel called
Antena 3 called this one was called the other one I
mean Fidel not only sued María
Patiño but according to her he asked for her
head because María Patiño had
information that left Fidel in very bad shape
regarding Rocío Mestre I mean María
Patiño is not being free but
absolutely not at all in fact I
remember how critical she was at the beginning
even even with Irene Montero
even with Irene Montero She would put
men that I have children I have a
son and I want that I want that he
tomorrow her presumption
of innocence will be respected okay in other words a fight and
since May 29th
Look since May 29th her
ear was pulled listen to me
María Patiño You are here with us
at the TV factory or not
You are here with us at the
TV factory or you go to hell she had her
ear pulled and she changed completely
So right now we'll get back
to the kids it's just that they are two
short extracts that I'm not going to open a
live broadcast in your honor for This is okay I'll
do it I'll play it for the lady and that's it
Okay let's continue with the Ricky thing But she
feels she feels bad because she
has no dignity as a journalist
zero credibility because they don't say what they
think I
mean you can't say what you think no you do
n't have your own opinion and you're going to
contradict yourself you're going to be very
embarrassed in many places you can't
speak for example María Patiño
could not come to a channel like mine
because here I would say Patiño But you
Here you said this this is not Patiño
But if here you said this because now  you
're saying this what would she do
completely in Prague she
wanted completely in Prague and she
knows this and it burns her it eats her up
inside apart from the fact that she doesn't have a
clear conscience because she's not
being professional this burns her because she
knows that in public people
are seeing her as a rag like a
puppet like a puppet of the baldeperas
and the other one here we have to abide by what
Rocío Carrasco says and whoever hasn't has already
seen Jesús Manuel you've already seen a
lot of those who have left Telecinco who
have been kicked out
for not playing along with the rice that we
have to defend this story yes
or yes
So she's completely
worried
and look at what is clear this already and she
wants to repeat it and she wants to convince herself
and she wants to convince people of
something that is not going to convince no matter how many times you
repeat it María Patiño you are not going to
make it a reality no no you speak
freely And yes you are a puppet you are
a puppet of these people but well
you have your position in Sálvame and your position
in Socialité the day the
factory is finished  you're not going to another production company
because credibility and dignity as a
journalist are zero you've screwed it you
've screwed it people appreciated you
okay And no matter how much you repeat it and try to
convince yourself no no
And look at you, it came to
mind looking for the thumbnail I found
some images and I said wow Look at
this episode we already talked about it
once don't look at how she got look How
María Patiño got
sálvame
a few months ago
Look how she got because Miguel
frienti snitched the snitch
who refers to my colleague Kiko
Hernández it's horrible the lack of education
and the lack of professionalism of some
people who make it difficult and what a
lack of camaraderie Yes and you're referring to
María yes
that wasn't the Twin María Patiño
liked a tweet that was messing with the
TV factory not with the
TV factory as she was messing with the with the
lack of freedom of Well
we talked about this at the time but
I don't remember the name of the video I
don't remember the name of the video I do
n't remember the name of the video dude it
was a tweet that María  Patiño gave it a like
she was going she can give it there to whatever
she thinks okay Maria Patiño gave a
like to a Twin in which wait to
see if I put Maria Patiño
this is the moment but the tweet
the tweet
the one alluded to denied the majority and defended herself
claiming that she doesn't like
cowardly people the adjective caused
friguenti to get heated so she
unexpectedly blurted out that Patiño gave an em
I like a tweet that attacked both the
network and Patiño she wanted to prove
in front of the cameras that she hadn't given a
like but she can't do it because she knows
that no one has hacked her phone if she
gave it a like Maria Patiño gave a like to a
tweet that went against the entire
dictatorship of the TV factory but the
thing is I would love to find the tweet
but nobody puts it I did put it in her
video but the thing is I don't know which video it is for
real I do
n't know which video it is look here she
's also talking about the subject I mean
look how she acted Look how she started
to see see calm especially
calm she got
scared I mean from Face to Twitter  on
her social networks she liked a
tweet that was critical of everything we
were criticizing, it was her
she gave it a like and shared
a tweet on her network and besides this is
true Because I checked it and I had liked it
and the people of the blue tide
checked it also she liked a tweet
that was destroying the thing about Hey how the hell you ca
n't freely express your opinion here there are
people who have changed their
jackets so they don't get kicked off
TV I don't remember exactly I would
like to see the tweet but of course here
Miguel freygente and He sold it he exposed it he
ratted out and freaked out I mean they're going to kick me out they're going to kick
me out they're going to kick me
out Look at so many followers you
mistakenly like someone
But how am I going to like that but
because you haven't seen it well you will have seen
the first sentence you said that I don't
like anything that was written there is no
word that I like she's an
ass she freaked out Look how a
free person who can have whatever opinions
they want gets upset
a person doesn't get upset like that  free that is free to have an opinion
whatever they want, don't get like that
Listen to me, I have no doubt that you
accidentally gave it to her, Maria. Look at me, I
have to prove it, lie, I'm telling you, the Live was there,
the Live was there and we
captured it in a thousand ways.
Calm down please
okay, but calm down. This is not crying. This is not
crying out of
indignation that they're lying about her,
this is not the This is not the attitude of
a person who is lying about
her, this is scared,
this is crying out of fear please,
and nobody picks up the phone, nobody picks it up,
nobody picks it up okay.
If it helps you or helps you, I
have no doubt that you
have failed her as a friend, Belén, it's
also that I
also put my company in check.
If you freely give your opinion, they would
criticize the things that are being
done, you can't give your opinion against
Rocío Carrasco, of course, no, no, no, criticize.
Look how she gets, I also
put my company in check, of course, by
criticizing Rocío Carrasco you would put
your  company that's why it
is prohibited to criticize Rocío
Carrasco and tell the truth the path you
took at the beginning
the path you took at the beginning is
scared or so this this news
we talk about her so it's true that I
released a video this news but we hardly
talk about this news or so it's that
you have that the attitude is not that of a
person
Hey listen to me Look if you catch me that I
give a tui the first thing is that it would
n't happen to me because I don't change my
jacket because I don't depend on a boss
or anyone and I would say listen to my opinion you
want to throw me out for not supporting
Carrasco go [ __ ] yourself they'll catch me
on another radio program on another
regional channel in a magazine they'll catch me
wherever okay I mean Jesús Manuel hasn't been
left without sálvame but he hasn't been
left without food because he is a
professional okay at most they've
thrown there and no and they haven't been left without
food okay But you've sold out to the
television factory you don't speak
freely this phrase says it all it's that it's that I'm
also leaving a  checkmate
to my company Of course because you being in
the TV factory can't contradict him
It was in the contracts
in Antonio David's contract It was in
the contract that we discovered in the
contract that we discovered when
[Music] when
Antonio wins the complaint against the TV factory It was in the contract that we discovered when [Music] when Antonio wins the complaint against the
TV factory It was you can't go outside the
guidelines we can
penalize you And kick you out
okay look here you are seeing here you are
seeing the face of a person who is
terrified the one who Apolo the one who
Apolo Wait maybe you are
sending me something privately no
Wait also you are sending me
something privately you
are not sending me anything it
was a tweet that made Belén
Esteban look bad yours was no and to the
TV factory the tweet was something like the
tweet was something like you can't give an
opinion it was criticizing the dictatorship of
the TV factory no that you can't give an
opinion and that if you give an opinion it's made up and that
you have to support Rosito Yes or yes you know
and she gave it a like she is scared she is
scared it's  like if your boss catches you
stealing in the company like if you catch yourself
stealing or like if he catches you what I tell you it's like it's
like if you within
the company do something that cannot be
known and they catch you it's that I don't know how to
explain an example give you the truth I can't think of
any but this face is
terrifying this behavior is terrifying
this is not the behavior of if you
catch me that I give a like to a
fake tweet I would say exclaim I know what you're
going to tell me about the tweet I accidentally gave it
and immediately I deleted it Don't be a fool
don't be a fool because I said that
you and I don't think about it because such such such And I'll
explain it to you because I don't think about it but
this is a scared woman that they fire me
that they fire me what is it that I'm giving it to her
and I have given it a like I wanted to look
good on the networks I wanted that it was
good on the networks and you can't look
good in both places I
can't see her like that anymore really so
that they don't fire her it's been acted like they're
going to fire you  work and you're
crying like
Call next door next to the director if
you realize next to Alberto
Cabezón
I failed you calm down please
okay I have failed you please okay to the
directors look Do
you think anyone has any
questions please I have
failed you I have failed you I have
failed you
and fundamentally that it doesn't have you
who cares about your company and Belén
Esteban and you think that your company and
Belén this issue they are not going to believe you
tell me
[Music] it's
deleted that one don't look for it anymore it's
deleted I mean I didn't look for it
No but I say it that yes I did
like it and listen to me and it's a mistake It's okay it's
a mistake It's okay he liked yours
and the Live stayed he liked the Twitch it stayed okay But this this María Patiño you don't you don't believe Rocío Carrasco but no way You don't believe Rocío Carrasco You don't believe Rocío Carrasco you said that Rocío Carrasco you saw it in
chipiona that if with one that yes with another
you have said that Rocío Carrasco gets down she has
not been quiet in the 20 years that she
used to call
program directors to throw [ __ ] at them Antonio
David you said when Kiko Matamoros
with all the 2000 pages that he had
curled through the corridors of the
media no Let's see who would have sex with him You
said that you also had ovaries but
there the ovaries she doesn't have them
but look How nervous she got that she
starts saying that she doesn't know how to
prove it she doesn't know how to prove it and
then she gets like that if she has given him like I have
failed you I have failed you it's like
a child when they expel him from school
or when they are going to fire you
have never experienced the typical
situation where they are going to fire someone from
work and the guy acts like that
so they don't fire him Well of
course after this it's not going to happen to you
again you were already
walking around you were already
walking around the company you already
had one foot there  simple Of course
but man don't try to convince
people that you are freely expressing your opinion
no don't
try to convince people that you are
freely expressing your opinion and I'm
going to upload this extract to Teresa salseo I ask you
all to share this extract as it
is with the title and the link
on all your
social networks so that this is not forgotten and that it is
seen okay because what I don't like
is the lie María Patiño and what I don't
like is that you try to repeat it every
week because every week more or less
every week 10 days you put out a tweet
trying to convince yourself and
people that you are not a weather vane
that you have criteria that you
have credibility it doesn't hurt you and your
conscience weighs on you that's why you put out these
types of tweets but no matter how
many times you repeat it it is not going to become
a reality no no
no
and there you have the brutal proof the
brutal tweet the tweet that they just
sent me okay I'm going to take this thing I'll do the
most but this is not even the screenshot
This is not even the screenshot that I had
or rather because the capture was taken
from several accounts, in other words,
many people blame it on the test that
the capture is not modified or anything is
real. Okay, well if it were a montage then there would
be no captures with the black background,
with the white background, with the
Android Twitter, with the iPhone Twitter, okay.
Look, listen to me, look.
Look at the screenshot, this was it.
Look at the light hashtag Belén Esteban. Ah, you are
surprised by Lequio's statements
and this, you stop trivializing. With
the mistreatment, you piece of scoundrels,
sometimes they close El Chiringuito once and for all. You have
n't given any nonsense there, they
don't give any nonsense. He gives it
online to Belén Esteban on one cover
saying that Jesulín hit her and on another
cover I lied. I apologize
and the TV factory is not going to be what it
should be. the TV factory is not going to
be what it should be, what it is, and
also with this it would explode in the
audience to release a documentary, the same as they
made a documentary Antonio Abi, a documentary about
Belén Esteban about everything.  What she's done
with Jesulín to all the programs for
everyone and covers
Patiño, you must have a terrible mania against me,
but I'm telling the truth, I'm
sincere, I have nothing against her,
but it's a little embarrassing
[Music]